Walk them back to the student so on this lecture what I want to show you is a couple of things.
First of all I want to show you how to send different characters over e-mails I know some of you a percentage
of you are from different countries and you're going to be using different characters.
So when we are sending like different characters or non English characters we need to set our document
type to something that our programs can understand.
So for example there is many different types of document but one of the most common one is call you
t f hyphen 8.
Are you seeing many skeleton H.T. of male documents with that OK on top in the metta field.
As a matter of fact let me see if our bootstrap not this one but
our header has it.
So you can see that it says the character set is UTF 8.
So this lets the browser know this and I want you to use this character said there are many different
character sets but this one is a most common one he has a bunch of characters.
When we are sending data to our database we want to be able to insert UTF 8 character sets in there
because there is this character say has a bunch of their friend characters that are in English if you
speak another language or want other languages to be included in your database.
As a matter of fact I think we already have that here somewhere.
As you can see we are setting the this UTF 8 Cather I believe there is another function to do this but
we are doing this before we are actually connected to the database so we are setting that we put inside
the Querrey.
OK we can believe there is set char set or something like that.
But there are different ways of doing it that's one way of doing it.
Let's actually come back here and we can just google a real quick set char set my SU Well BHP and is
going to give you information how to do that it is even a function to do that OK.
So you can see right here OK
and you can just type in my ask your lie and that's going to show you how to do it with that API character
set.
OK as you can see you can use a function or you can even include an inside your query somehow way of
typing in the inside the my my s u l k
UTF 8.
See that so set names UTSA default Carter's set as you can see there are a couple of ways of doing it.
But anyway.
So while we are going to be doing it here let's go down here.
When we sent an email this e-mail is not going to have by default this character set of UTF is not going
to.
So for example if I sent something in a body that is in Spanish and I thought I had something in spanish
somewhere let me you might be thinking don't you write Spanish Hadwin.
All right so as you can see we get some character sets here.
Little things on top of the words.
So let's go to send that and see how it looks.
Our application refresh this
Corteen Foxwoods the and enter and let's go to our
mailbox here.
Click here.
And as you can see that looks pretty bad right.
And that's something very similar to what you want to get in your database.
OK.
So how we can solve that.
Super simple we need to set up this property.
Let's call this mail.
Well actually that's the name of a charset.
And now pass this string here to say UTF 8 and that's it.
Now when we send an e-mail and if I can get my document back that would be very helpful actually get
that here.
And we go so at times I get carried away guys.
OK.
Coding faculty
as you can see we've got the email here.
Now everything works correctly.
So that's one thing that I wanted to show you in this video another thing that I wanted to show you
is that to include classes automatically composer OK composer has an auto loader app function that will
oh I don't know.
Oh this all the classes in your application instead of you know every time we go to one of our files
we need to come manually here and require it.
Right.
What are you what if we can just require one function here and if we require all our classes automatically
that would be awesome right.
So that's what composer does.
But we have to actually go to the composer that Jason.
Now let me tell you something about this.
And let's say I approach a project like this like A.J. is in the application like no J.S. we have a
package that Jason File and this is every time you see a dot J some file is to set up configurations
for that program.
So the Bakhash Jason in the case of no J S is for package management just like compose a composite package
management.
So you find you give some information on the recommendation and then you define your dependencies.
This weather that Jason does majority of Jason follows are when it comes to javascript or BHB or any
other application we use.
Jason Jason is a really good format to do that.
But anyway so what we need to do here is we need to set up another part here where we use that.
So I'm going to come down here as a matter of fact I'll do it below authors.
I think that should be on top right.
And we are going to this is a object here actually.
Let's set it up here.
It doesn't matter.
This is going to be called Oh Lord.
And this is something I'm not creating that this is already created.
This is something that's already defined in the application.
James adding it.
So Glass map.
That's what is called and this is just going to be an array where the class the classes that we want
to include in this case I want to include my classes folder.
OK.
Now when we go
when we do this.
OK.
Composer is going to automatically add anything that's inside here.
So if we create another class and let's just create a simple class
ok and
simple
OK and let's use.
I don't know this is let's just leave it like that.
That's fine.
So we have that class and it's a matter of fact let's just create a function here
is playing and
now all we have to do is we need to dump all that data.
Basically refresh composer have to go to our termine or whatever terminal you're using open your terminal.
Either the windows or the Mac or the Linux dump or load and optimize it enter.
And now if we go to our forgot we don't have to actually use this anymore.
Let's see if everything works.
They actually come here and remember the function that
is
come back here and test is real quick I'm going to delete all that stuff.
Make sure that you can get it back OK.
So class mail.
Let's see if we can get that class
let's go here.
Back
we are actually oh we're missing this.
We don't do this because we're not using this anymore we're using everything from composers so composers
is function call autoload.
That just makes everything work.
So now enter here.
Whoops.
Let's go back require a vendor order.
This should work.
Let's dump autoload again.
As refresh.
I don't know where I'm getting that
hopes Whoops.
Whoops Whoops there we go.
OK.
So as you can see it is working.
Now if I want to get the other class and I can check that out too and sample and new words all we can
come back here.
I know I misspelled the guys.
I know that.
Let's come back here and less.
And you can see that I get that class as well.
So no more requiring because composers doing everything for us.
Super cool stuff.
So I'm just going to do all this.
Oops.
You know what
dangerous dangerous.
Let's make sure everything works.
OK.
So I'm.
Let's go to the home page
here.
Of course
I would go
really looks like he was like he worked as you can see everything is working perfectly.
Now you learn something really valuable OK.
Now every time you put a class inside these classes for their composers is going to map it.
It's going to require that class or that way every time you want to use any classes that you have in
this folder or you have to those include this file right here.
This cloud is function or this file or a node anywhere require you class.
Pretty cool stuff.
And remember that we also learned how to set this character set.
I think it was a very good lesson for you guys.
I hope you appreciate it don't fall asleep on the classes.
Right.
Thank you so much and I'll see you in the next lecture.